#
# robots.net actual certs as of 2005-12-19.
#

egoo76,Journeyer
steven_gifford,Journeyer
steve,Master
zerooverride,Journeyer
RailSpyke,Apprentice
sdiwanji,Apprentice
tdickens,Journeyer
robomatic12,Journeyer
gregcx,Apprentice
basenji,Journeyer
NeonElf,Apprentice
dmlvhll,Apprentice
rolandgpainter,Journeyer
JaapHavinga,Master
Air,Journeyer
tolga,Journeyer
songsmyth,Apprentice
iweil,Journeyer
jacob,Journeyer
jsampson,Master
lynca,Journeyer
Pontifier,Journeyer
lucretiaX,Journeyer
lkcl,Journeyer
raghaviyarasi,Journeyer
oddrune,Apprentice
vahid mirjalili,Apprentice
TomD,Master
bitspit,Apprentice
archimense,Journeyer
sigfpe,Master
wahbi_azzou,Apprentice
reynaldo,Apprentice
zw,Journeyer
darkwolf572,Journeyer
roboteq,Master
tobor1701,Journeyer
G4MJW,Apprentice
dcalkins,Master
VoodooZ,Master
Necro_,Journeyer
White Box Robotics,Master
mondada,Journeyer
pcalnon,Apprentice
theBot,Journeyer
Trudge,Apprentice
dukeman911,Journeyer
DougEvans,Master
bigbertb,Journeyer
andreww,Journeyer
robothobbies,Apprentice
drhackalot,Journeyer
phippsca,Journeyer
profesor,Master
Gibson,Master
tonyenkiducx,Journeyer
ultraintelligence,Journeyer
peter_desimone,Apprentice
ankitwww,Apprentice
rahulb,Master
neobot,Journeyer
pedrog,Journeyer
Randwilliams,Master
unkfreq,Apprentice
macdorman,Apprentice
RoboticFather,Journeyer
akb,Apprentice
cgates,Master
sbean,Journeyer
heathkit,Apprentice
jota23,Apprentice
jkkroll,Journeyer
PeterVB,Apprentice
pspro,Journeyer
veager,Journeyer
MissCass,Journeyer
nemesis_vii,Apprentice
William Crolley,Journeyer
Sutekh,Apprentice
Battle_Droid_8912,Journeyer
pulkit_gaur,Master
Tenacious C,Journeyer
parallaxd,Apprentice
RoboGal,Journeyer
ZenX10,Apprentice
Chuck McM.,Master
wildmage,Journeyer
cschur,Master
robodave,Master
aaron,Apprentice
Jake11611,Apprentice
JamesBruton,Master
Trebouche,Master
dtvpedro,Apprentice
drgavin,Journeyer
AaronD,Journeyer
siliconcybernetics,Apprentice
Takeshi,Apprentice
finin,Apprentice
Rocketmagnet,Apprentice
blueeyedpop,Master
Rekker,Apprentice
jeremy_mat,Journeyer
bdekraker,Journeyer
ilan2003,Apprentice
johnsrobotics,Apprentice
Varney,Apprentice
Wolvie74,Apprentice
1234asd,Journeyer
William Rogers,Apprentice
RatOmeter,Journeyer
keykey_kcet,Apprentice
bettsg,Apprentice
bronson,Master
raph,Apprentice
pxlkrz,Journeyer
hendrawan,Journeyer
JayFrancis,Journeyer
rundells,Journeyer
Josef,Apprentice
Jhoffa_,Journeyer
Nelson,Journeyer
fecc20,Journeyer
dahl_ag,Journeyer
sid,Journeyer
petegray,Journeyer
roboprize,Master
arnab_nandi,Apprentice
kilowatt,Apprentice
maruthichinnam,Journeyer
dvestguy,Apprentice
Nettron2000,Journeyer
Jeffbot,Apprentice
psychlotron,Apprentice
bot_dude 00,Apprentice
theymightberudy,Journeyer
Balthaser,Apprentice
davee,Master
Greg Webb,Apprentice
dongibson,Apprentice
dogsbody_d,Master
walter.anderson,Master
DrWyrm,Journeyer
Enki,Journeyer
scienceboy,Journeyer
jlin,Master
avrcard,Apprentice
aplumb,Journeyer
michel,Journeyer
R0b0Girll,Journeyer
Revi,Journeyer
jtryspice98,Apprentice
drfuzzy,Journeyer
edleighton,Master
rudybrian,Master
maff,Journeyer
kingpin094,Master
Dylan Evans,Journeyer
DLDInDallas,Master
CaptainElectron,Journeyer
kjub03,Journeyer
razali,Journeyer
robotdojo,Master
DrEinStein,Journeyer
dwhall,Master
Lodewijk13,Journeyer
Masse,Apprentice
richard23,Apprentice
dbarber12,Journeyer
brit-bot,Journeyer
Leungdaryl,Journeyer
matsw,Master
bang,Journeyer
valentine,Journeyer
niklasw,Apprentice
Serac,Journeyer
Spoons,Journeyer
nznguy,Journeyer
Jimm,Apprentice
mikegotis,Master
Gary,Apprentice
monsoon,Apprentice
John Venning,Apprentice
Boobs Bot,Journeyer
sparrow,Journeyer
bboyes,Journeyer
darkdragon,Journeyer
roboticsconnection,Master
xutron,Apprentice
jcrobotics,Journeyer
DavidM,Journeyer
quantum,Journeyer
jethro,Journeyer
machinebrain,Journeyer
ziptone,Journeyer
dodds,Apprentice
rex,Journeyer
jimbo,Journeyer
justinFlorentine,Apprentice
marcin,Master
jdrits,Apprentice
dvideo,Apprentice
wilson02,Apprentice
kelaar,Master
shawncollins,Apprentice
wilcosky,Apprentice
navodaya.g,Journeyer
gschoep,Apprentice
evilrobots,Journeyer
nalrawahi,Master
dfolio,Apprentice
waldmeyer,Apprentice
Sleepsalot,Journeyer
Hollister,Journeyer
KMeowzart,Journeyer
while_true,Journeyer
jamie2k3,Apprentice
david,Master
yourfriend411,Apprentice
wsw47,Journeyer
gordon,Apprentice
gregpak,Journeyer
iBOT-1,Journeyer
iBOT-2,Journeyer
roboteacher,Apprentice
campp1,Master
fischer,Apprentice
Keith Rowell,Master
upper,Apprentice
mancio,Journeyer
Joe Bosworth,Apprentice
scanan,Journeyer
Amccutchen,Apprentice
Zarin,Journeyer
icechip,Master
alphabot,Master
kantra,Apprentice
Relic,Journeyer
RobotWorx,Apprentice
Foxgirl,Apprentice
jdkovar,Apprentice
hreher,Apprentice
sparkjim,Master
nitro,Journeyer
yscryeon,Master
macet74,Journeyer
josborn,Journeyer
amramsey,Apprentice
eokerson,Master
oopicFan,Journeyer
phillysteak527,Journeyer
rsbohn,Journeyer
gesteacher,Journeyer
fayshaw,Master
tafkaks,Journeyer
tioguerra,Apprentice
DC,Journeyer
Kav7441596,Journeyer
rohit,Journeyer
guad13,Journeyer
chenster000,Journeyer
saw,Journeyer
pindiespace,Apprentice
martin chandler,Apprentice
raymondritz,Apprentice
lumpy,Journeyer
HighTECHredNECK,Journeyer
magnus,Journeyer
Nic,Master
zeevon,Journeyer
nevyn,Journeyer
olparatrooper,Journeyer
gwlucas,Journeyer
winterj,Apprentice
dorbor,Journeyer
0222,Journeyer
peterman921,Journeyer
IceMetal,Journeyer
msprague,Journeyer
omagureanu,Journeyer
attman,Journeyer
fnorky,Journeyer
Chris Wallsmith,Journeyer
ericzayers,Master
phil,Journeyer
jup,Journeyer
Jay_C_Beavers,Master
chris_m,Master
thomasbulckaert,Journeyer
sriny,Journeyer
tagayoff,Apprentice
cvbriggler,Apprentice
pierre_gene,Journeyer
RobotFather,Journeyer
lamoid,Apprentice
caty_mora,Journeyer
wecole,Journeyer
jewelerm,Journeyer
chris_c_20_00,Journeyer
ishar,Journeyer
11111,Journeyer
raquib,Journeyer
rick,Master
Robust,Journeyer
jg167,Apprentice
dletourneau,Apprentice
kerap,Journeyer
Dave Fleischer,Apprentice
Sephet,Apprentice
Marcus8675,Journeyer
homers12,Apprentice
Mikos,Journeyer
tim.holt,Journeyer
Jan,Apprentice
microfarmer,Journeyer
jstrohm,Journeyer
Werner,Journeyer
dpa,Master
Ratface,Journeyer
anttch360,Journeyer
mohit,Journeyer
robotvibes,Journeyer
wilberto,Journeyer
dillon,Apprentice
Dozier,Journeyer
Lurch,Apprentice
pauld2,Journeyer
jeffkoenig,Master
Penn71911,Journeyer
wedesoft,Journeyer
Thinkhole,Apprentice
JoelC,Journeyer
Terry Harmer,Journeyer
ira,Master
teknochuck,Apprentice
ddukemail,Journeyer
Seb,Journeyer
Cannon Fury,Journeyer
Magoga,Apprentice
ObsoleteSuperMan,Journeyer
kunal,Master
ellis76016,Journeyer
nprobert,Journeyer
scienceboy2,Journeyer
magi,Apprentice
aaguilera,Journeyer
kmoravec,Master
SomeoneKnows,Apprentice
zhaoway,Apprentice
JinSato,Master
rm53,Master
Uruk-haiman,Apprentice
phoneguin,Master
zappepcs,Journeyer
bgmoon,Apprentice
japester,Apprentice
eoliene,Apprentice
alpa78,Journeyer
simonfernandez,Journeyer
Cronotiger2002,Journeyer
wohleb,Apprentice
elundquist,Master
alagurajan,Apprentice
FatherRobot,Journeyer
dgjerni,Apprentice
Chrisg,Apprentice
thesky997,Master
RadiXRobotics,Apprentice
zeta,Master
frostw,Apprentice
sovrr,Apprentice
RayRenteria,Journeyer
ghartung,Journeyer
outsider,Journeyer
cat007,Journeyer
Spridle_racer,Journeyer
JustinPinner,Journeyer
artspace,Apprentice
matthewstein,Master
Rog-a-matic,Master
DragonFlame,Journeyer
RoboSynergy,Journeyer
olivier,Apprentice
simonthehappy,Journeyer
vahidbazargan,Apprentice
mmr1914,Apprentice
impsyberbob,Journeyer
atulk,Master
spirit,Journeyer
Muarrif,Apprentice
c6jones720,Master
BrianJennings,Master
Ragooman,Journeyer
shobhanb,Journeyer
mini-cedron,Apprentice
DrDoom,Journeyer
mwalker,Journeyer
pantera,Apprentice
greg_m,Journeyer
kmh_1974,Apprentice
currentc,Apprentice
Delirious,Journeyer
robocube,Journeyer
Swittech,Apprentice
RobotFan,Journeyer
danfuboco,Journeyer
The Robotics Chick,Apprentice
Kraft,Apprentice
hockeyrink,Master
udanis,Apprentice
gandalfr,Apprentice
3some,Journeyer
mwalimu,Journeyer
maximus_acroyear,Apprentice
pbeeson,Apprentice
Mikul,Journeyer
Whistlre,Apprentice
JoelHaasnoot,Apprentice
shanemassey,Apprentice
robotconflict,Journeyer
vivek,Journeyer
NeuronExMachina,Journeyer
stingraze,Journeyer
Julio,Apprentice
vipul,Journeyer
DaveC,Apprentice
EZ,Apprentice
Solarbotics,Master
totalchaos,Journeyer
aolney,Apprentice
ThePinkTeam,Apprentice
DaveJ,Journeyer
dafyddwalters,Master
Weinga-Unity,Journeyer
Psyco,Journeyer
asim1230,Journeyer
mwatts,Journeyer
aubois,Journeyer
jbm,Master
swing4543,Apprentice
ikmart,Apprentice
SirPhade,Apprentice
akira,Journeyer
bheller,Journeyer
June Craig,Apprentice
Devil,Journeyer
scottpreston,Master
Axiom,Apprentice
sgmcclellan,Master
JENNIFER_COOLCHICK,Journeyer
lafugitt,Apprentice
sks,Journeyer
jnewton,Journeyer
nabeel,Apprentice
ajft,Apprentice
gandolfwhite,Apprentice
MIG_India,Master
HighTECHredNECK ,Journeyer
stansley,Journeyer
dalewheat,Journeyer
wim,Journeyer
earlwb,Master
hwoolery,Journeyer
brybert,Apprentice
gustaf,Journeyer
carloadams,Apprentice
Mecha_Maker,Apprentice
iam4opnsrc,Journeyer
LordM,Journeyer
PsIke,Journeyer
steroidmicros,Master
mohansameer1983,Master
jscolman,Apprentice
ROB.T.,Master
ArtYoung,Apprentice
Automiton247,Journeyer
esaavedra,Journeyer
WhoPhlungPoo,Master
FirstCool,Journeyer
Bstame,Journeyer
ole,Journeyer
Botnerd,Master
strider_mt2k,Journeyer
Timster,Master
James Matthews,Journeyer
wsc,Journeyer
rangerobot,Apprentice
Mythbreaker,Journeyer
marscyborg,Apprentice
jakebozz,Apprentice
sashi_ono,Master
annaxt,Journeyer
JohnPuttman,Apprentice
roboshopindia.8m.com,Master
NateW,Master
johanvdb,Master
phooky,Journeyer
anonymous22,Apprentice
mechanicalbrain,Apprentice
stevengeusens,Apprentice
onnimikki,Master
nfreier,Apprentice
norberto,Master
roschler,Master
Bill,Master
Robot,Journeyer
devlin,Journeyer
motters,Master
LordKrispy,Journeyer
lurbano,Journeyer
Blackout,Journeyer
TravisMS,Apprentice
ace,Journeyer
RMDumse,Master
HatHead,Journeyer
botman,Apprentice
kcbanner,Master
Gadget Guy,Apprentice
wasperen,Journeyer
eistanbullu,Apprentice
zellers,Apprentice
ericdamphousse,Apprentice
hudson,Master
kteam,Journeyer
rockerbot27,Journeyer
mr63,Journeyer
RossumsChild,Journeyer
Harold Nils Pelta,Apprentice
thisisper,Apprentice
magus74,Journeyer
ankushk,Apprentice
Jim_McNeat,Master
Fez,Apprentice
raullapeira,Journeyer
mats_onnerby,Master
viveksaxena,Apprentice
nuke,Journeyer
mtidwell,Journeyer
Claudette,Apprentice
Aleksi,Apprentice
gouldy102030,Apprentice
stefanfogarasi,Master
kaizem,Apprentice
Blaze,Journeyer
lnxfergy,Journeyer
gene,Apprentice
01010101,Journeyer
Robot-Maker,Journeyer
janvr,Journeyer
jmfmeaney,Apprentice
MelTorrie,Journeyer
davesand,Apprentice
svo,Journeyer
plasma16,Apprentice
jferguso,Journeyer
Jagtek,Apprentice
dwradar,Apprentice
reed,Apprentice
jjadams98,Apprentice
PB-MX,Apprentice
topazx2,Master
MartinCalsyn,Journeyer
shaolin,Apprentice
TheThief,Journeyer
p123a,Apprentice
Kenneth,Master
yeow,Journeyer
IgorCarron,Journeyer
zodiak,Master
AlbinoGT,Apprentice
rodbrooks,Master
DarkWolf,Apprentice
kelvin.hamilton,Master
mrplong,Master
civo,Apprentice
JerryBocci,Apprentice
YaTu,Master
hamjudo,Master
gear21,Journeyer
Frank McNeill,Apprentice
jaiger,Journeyer
Bro,Journeyer
Tonhozi,Apprentice
alias132,Apprentice
agnessa,Apprentice
Misterblue,Apprentice
Max,Apprentice
Paul O,Apprentice
dude_plasma,Journeyer
Nettron,Journeyer
focuspeck,Journeyer
Axle,Apprentice
dannymc,Apprentice
bvdborgh,Master
tappo,Journeyer
EdwardRupp,Master
yertx,Apprentice
whiskers,Journeyer
Christophe Menant,Journeyer
thiahien,Apprentice
The Swirling Brain,Master
ada83,Journeyer
Kiryu,Master
roadnarrowskim,Journeyer
mireltepes,Apprentice
nikjo11,Apprentice
Chief Robotman,Journeyer
Egray,Apprentice
jiggersplat,Master
Jason-Bot,Journeyer
braceman,Journeyer
